Operator. Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the AbbVie Second Quarter 26 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. You may ask a question by pressing star 1 on your phone. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. We continue to invest across neuroscience, and our Parkinson's disease portfolio is performing. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. Revenue in the quarter grew across the portfolio and we remain confident in the full-year outlook we provided in April. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible, we ask that you limit your questions to 1 or 2. Operator, we will take the first question. Analyst (Terence Flynn). Great. Congrats on the progress. Can you speak to your appetite for external neuroscience assets given the pipeline gap after 2029? Roopal Thakkar. Thanks, Terence. We have significant capacity for business development, particularly in neuroscience.Terence Flynn. Understood, thanks for the added context on capital allocation. Roopal Thakkar. Sure -- we continue to evaluate business development opportunities across the neuroscience landscape every quarter and remain disciplined on capital deployment. Terence Flynn. Understood, thanks for the added context on capital allocation. Roopal Thakkar. Sure -- we continue to evaluate business development opportunities across the neuroscience landscape every quarter and remain disciplined on capital deployment. Terence Flynn. Understood, thanks for the added context on capital allocation. Roopal Thakkar. Sure -- we continue to evaluate business development opportunities across the neuroscience landscape every quarter and remain disciplined on capital deployment. Terence Flynn. Understood, thanks for the added context on capital allocation. Roopal Thakkar. Sure -- we continue to evaluate business development opportunities across the neuroscience landscape every quarter and remain disciplined on capital deployment. Terence Flynn. Understood, thanks for the added context on capital allocation. Roopal Thakkar. Sure -- we continue to evaluate business development opportunities across the neuroscience landscape every quarter and remain disciplined on capital deployment. Terence Flynn. Understood, thanks for the added context on capital allocation. Roopal Thakkar. Sure -- we continue to evaluate business development opportunities across the neuroscience landscape every quarter and remain disciplined on capital deployment. Terence Flynn. Understood, thanks for the added context on capital allocation. Roopal Thakkar. Sure -- we continue to evaluate business development opportunities across the neuroscience landscape every quarter and remain disciplined on capital deployment. Terence Flynn. Understood, thanks for the added context on capital allocation. Roopal Thakkar. Sure -- we continue to evaluate business development opportunities across the neuroscience landscape every quarter and remain disciplined on capital deployment. Terence Flynn. Understood, thanks for the added context on capital allocation. Roopal Thakkar. Sure -- we continue to evaluate business development opportunities across the neuroscience landscape every quarter and remain disciplined on capital deployment. 